c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\bin\Debug\Music8.exe
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\bin\Debug\Music8.pdb
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\bin\Debug\Music8.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Pages\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Pages\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Pages\NowPlaying.g.i.cs
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Pages\NowPlaying.g.cs
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Pages\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Pages\NowPlaying.xaml
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Music8.exe
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Music8.pdb
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Common\CustomStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Common\CustomStyles.g.cs
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Common\PlaybackControl.g.i.cs
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Common\PlaybackControl.g.cs
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Common\CustomStyles.xaml
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Common\PlaybackControl.xaml
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Pages\LoginPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Pages\LoginPage.g.cs
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Pages\LoginPage.xaml
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\bin\Debug\GoogleMusicAPI.dll
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\bin\Debug\GoogleMusicAPI.pdb
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\bin\Debug\GoogleMusicAPI.pri
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Music8.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Music8.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Grant\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\bin\Debug\Microsoft.PlayerFramework.dll
C:\Users\Grant\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\bin\Debug\Microsoft.PlayerFramework.xml
C:\Users\Grant\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Grant\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Grant\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Grant\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Pages\CollectionPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Pages\CollectionPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Pages\CollectionPage.xaml
C:\Users\Grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Pages\EventsPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Pages\EventsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Pages\EventsPage.xaml
C:\Users\Grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Common\DetailsPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Common\DetailsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Grant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Music8\Music8\obj\Debug\Common\DetailsPage.xaml
